I met Henry when I was six years old.
I still remember the day we met.
I travel through time and space
In the future, I will turn friends into friends.
At that time you were slim
There is no such thing as time and space travel.
If you are in this station for a while, you will see me disappear.
At that moment, he was still in front of my eyes, he disappeared.
I have been waiting for Henry all my life.
It's you
I remember the moment you come to me every time.
You tell me that you often go back to the same place
Yeah, like gravity, always pulling me
I am the traction
This is very strange.
No, it is amazing
I no longer feel lonely
Will you marry me?
Unwilling
I'm just kidding...
Of course willing
We named her "Aiba"
Have you seen her?
She is very pretty
father
I travel through time and space and cannot control
Suddenly, I hope that I don’t want this.
You're back
Did I miss Christmas?
What do you want to talk about?
How bad is it to wait for you?
Adapted from the best-selling novels worldwide
Do you want to have it once... Is normal life wrong?
Do you think that I want this kind of life... My husband is missing without warning?
Who would be willing to do this?
- You can choose - I never have to choose
I don’t want to wait for my life.
Henry
"Hands Love Green", "The Hot Girl", Rachel Madden
"Troy" "StarCraft" Eric Benner
Every moment we share will never change
Time traveler's wife
I should leave.
I know
(Taiwan Release Date: 2009-08-26)